README.md, before:

# PVS-69

__Disclaimer__: This project is experimental, still in development, and is recommended for experienced tinkerers and moderate solderers. Don't let that disuade you, but know that documentation, methods, and peocedures are not production ready.

[Frequently Asked Questions can be found here.](https://github.com/knack-69/PVS-69/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions)

### What is it?
PVS-69 is a FOSSCAD Monocular Night Vision Device (MNVD). 
It uses a fpv drone camera and a small screen, rather than a IIT tube, and is designed to be mounted to a combat helmet.

### Why is it useful?
The current suggested components cost ~$500, about 10x less than the industry standard phosphor tube-based night vision.

### What is the current version?
The current version of the PVS-69 is the [Gen3 ECHO](https://github.com/knack-69/PVS-69/tree/main/Gen3%20ECHO)

## Table of Contents

[PVS-69/Gen3 ECHO](https://github.com/knack-69/PVS-69/tree/main/Gen3%20ECHO) is the current version of the PVS-69.

[PVS-69/Wiring Diagrams](https://github.com/knack-69/PVS-69/tree/main/Wiring%20Diagrams) contains the current wiring diagrams for the current version of the PVS-69.

[PVS-69/_Other Versions/__Archive](https://github.com/knack-69/PVS-69/tree/main/_Other%20Versions/__Archive) contains all the older versions of the PVS-69.

[PVS-69/_Other Versions/ALPHA](https://github.com/knack-69/PVS-69/tree/main/_Other%20Versions/ALPHA) is an analog NVG housing, and is still in closed beta.

[PVS-69/_Other Versions/__Archive/VPNVG](https://github.com/knack-69/PVS-69/tree/main/_Other%20Versions/__Archive/VPNVG)  is the PVS-69 Gen1 pano version using the adafruit displays. The VBNVG was a binocular version which was made in tandem with the VPNVG.

Commit message:

Foxtrot into main (#2)
* FOXTROT

These are to be used with the V780 and optionally the V780 lenses

* Update FOXTROT v20.step

componentized

* Reorganized .step, added README

* Update README.md

* tmp on foxtrot

* tmp fix on foxtrot

* Delete External_Battery_Only_with_Buck.png

* Create External_Battery_Only_with_Buck.png

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Create PVS-69 Gen3 FOXTROT.3mf

* added Ebay Lens Starlight adapter

* Create PVS-69 Gen3 FOXTROT_thicker display wall.step

* Create PVS-69 Gen3 FOXTROT_thicker display wall.3mf

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* reorg for merge

* Update README.md

---------

Co-authored-by: vaughngina69 <103553529+vaughngina69@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# PVS-69

__Disclaimer__: This project is experimental, still in development, and is recommended for experienced tinkerers and moderate solderers. Don't let that disuade you, but know that documentation, methods, and peocedures are not production ready.

[Frequently Asked Questions can be found here.](https://github.com/knack-69/PVS-69/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions)

### What is it?
PVS-69 is a FOSSCAD Night Vision Device (NVD). 
It uses a fpv drone camera and a small screen, rather than a IIT tube, and is designed to be mounted to a combat helmet.

### Why is it useful?
The current suggested components cost ~$500, about 10x less than the industry standard phosphor tube-based night vision.

### What is the current version?

The current version of the PVS-69 is the [Gen3 FOXTROT](https://github.com/knack-69/PVS-69/tree/main/Gen3%20FOXTROT). Housings for both V760 and V780 displays are available. The Gen3 FOXTROT also comes with a CS Mount Lens Adapter Assembly ([see here for writeup on lenses](https://github.com/knack-69/PVS-69/wiki/Current-Lens-Comparison)), which is interchangable with the NE3 Stock Lens Cap.

## Table of Contents

[PVS-69/Gen3 FOXTROT](https://github.com/knack-69/PVS-69/tree/main/Gen3%20FOXTROT) is the current version of the PVS-69 that is compatible with the V760A family of displays.

[PVS-69/Wiring Diagrams](https://github.com/knack-69/PVS-69/tree/main/Gen3%20FOXTROT/Wiring%20Diagrams) contains the current wiring diagrams for the current version of the PVS-69.

[PVS-69/_Other Versions/__Archive](https://github.com/knack-69/PVS-69/tree/main/_Other%20Versions/__Archive) contains all the older versions of the PVS-69.

[PVS-69/Gen4 ALPHA](https://github.com/knack-69/PVS-69/tree/main/Gen4%20ALPHA) is an analog/'digital IIT' NVG housing, and is still in closed beta.

[PVS-69/_Other Versions/__Archive/VPNVG](https://github.com/knack-69/PVS-69/tree/main/_Other%20Versions/__Archive/VPNVG)  is the PVS-69 Gen1 pano version using the adafruit displays. The VBNVG was a binocular version which was made in tandem with the VPNVG.
